hello we continue in
familiarize yourself with the intricacies of building and
nail design
very often you are probably watching videos
pore buildup heard phrase standard
prepare the nails to build
today I will tell you what is it
means
they write us years first of all we
handle pens
concept to kill and besides ki
all that bad there may be
processed and inspected so as not to
it was opened to the temple on the cuticle and
skin was clean and good
We begin nail processing with the fact that
move the cuticle back with the pusher take the pusher
and neatly
move the cuticle
clearing ahead if we leave
the stereos here right here we will go
deferment
the material will move away from your nails
we further produce yelled nail from
set shall find squirrel abrasivity 180
movement mine mine sawing
nail surface
carefully come fully cuticle
if you are preparing a new one only
nail file
you need a blunt end like this
clean the sinuses
so that there would be no extra
elements or a cuticle we go
use the device to file a free edge
I remove the excess and choose the corners here in
these places that we became a forum in
there were no gaps of buttons and dash
filing free edge symmetrically
so that the form was comfortable
prune with substitution
we cover the surface only slightly
not drunk the war with the subway in the world and
we pass by the apparatus
clear the sinuses of all places where the nail file
not suitable choose three
we work with a nozzle
surface
we and sawed all the nails traced gone
we do not remove the brush with the device
dash remove excess with them and
pass through the dehydrator on all the nails
each stage of preparation can be made
as
consistently 1 nail that is immediately
pushed back cuticle pollination
conveyor method
that is, first all 10 fingers
move the cuticle back and then everything climbs
couple prokidyvaem surface
free edge and then all over 10
are passed by the device
yes standard nail treatment and
preparing to build to build
gel or acrylic fruit ready for
applying primer here we have prepared
our nails to build up need now
and gel nails to build up and acrylic
the next video see how to put
form